    The past few days were the first I had ever spent in Barcelona. I was only able to see a small part of the city, but what I saw makes me incredibly excited for June. I discuss the specifics of Barcelona in my post on the travel page, ______(LINK IT), but in this post, I would like to talk about the reason behind going on the trip: my first visit to Hewlett-Packard Barcelona. 
    So the facility is about an hour from the city by train, which is kind of a bummer, but not the worst. The campus itself is much larger than I thought it would be, incuding several building, gym, cafeteria, tennis courts, golf course, and football pitch. There are over 3200 employees working at the campus (including contractors), and it seems like a genuinely great place to work. After touring the facility, I am very excited to get to work. 
    I first met with Carles, the man in charge of our internship program. He explained what HP Barcelona did, the history behind he facility, and their vision for the future. He then led a tour around the "3D Room", Demonstration Lab, and various other research and development laboratories at HP. The 3D Room was amazing. It was a presentation room to market the new 3D printing technology to customers, and if I was in the market for a high-end 3D printer, it would have convinced me. After learning more about how HP 3D printers work (the technology is incredible; 10 times faster than any other 3D printer on the market), we saw the other main research and developement focus of the Barcelona site: large format 2D printing. This probably doesn't sound very interesting, I know I wasn't very interested when I first heard this phrase, but I was amazed by how complex these machines are. HP has products that range fromm $1000 to $3,000,000, and I was able to see the full range of the spectrum. 
    After our tours, I had an interview with my potential manager to make sure that the project that I was preliminarily asigned was a good fit. After an hour and a half of talking about the project, the requirements, and the deliverable, we came to the decision that the project would work well. Basically, I will create a software tool with an interface that will allow the user to plug in which components are in a printer (3D or 2D), and the tool with automatically parse configuration files (in xml format). This should be interesting considering each printer will have hundred of components with thousands of dependencies to worry about configuring. I am really looking forward to the challenge and sarting my life in Barcelona.