    Marseille was incredible. The city itself may not be as large as London, historic as Paris, or clean as Geneva, but it makes up for that by being in a great location. Marseille is on the coast of the Mediterranean, and The view from the harbor is incredible. It is also located just a short bus ride away from some great hiking areas, the _______(LOOK UP). We arrived in Marseille very late our first night, but we were pretty hungry. We decided to head to our hostel, ______(LINK IT), and drop our stuff off before heading to get some food. It was quite late by this time, so we didn't have many options. Luckily, we found a little shop a few blocks from our hostel that was open 24 hours a day. It was run by a large Moroccan man who at first glance you would imagine to be a high ranking member of the mob. Turns out he spoke a bit of English, and on finding out we were American decided to call Alden, Tommy, and I "Mr. President". We sat down to eat our kebabs topped with french fries (delicioious, if not quite healthy). A homeless man decided to come up to our table and take interest in our meals, and with a simple hand motion, one man came from behind the shop counter and another from a convenience store next door to shoo the man away. Maybe that mob idea wasn't far off.
    So after our farewells to the Moroccan Moblord, we went back to the hostel with full stomachs to get some sleep. The next morning, we woke relatively early to head to a famous church in Marseille, _______(LOOK UP) which happens to be the best vantage point in the city. It is atop this huge hill, and is quite a hike to reach. The view is completely worth the effort of getting there. The view of the city in one direction, the Medeterranean plus several islands in another, and mountainous wilderness in another is incredible. The church itself was quite interesting in its own right. Marseille was actually the sight of a WWII battle(FACT CHECK), and the church walls show bullet holes and mortar damage. It was very interesting to see. 
    We spent the rest of the day roaming around the city. We saw an older structure on the harbour that was used as a garrison in the past. We also were able to see the art distict which boasted some very interesting wall murals. That night, we went to a bar a few blocks from our hostel to see some live music. The band played a lot of American music from the 80's including a rendition of "Born in the USA" in which the only discernable words were, in fact, "Born in the USA". It was nice to see, and Tommy and I were able to catch a Manchester City vs Everton cup match. It was a good night. 
    The next day was the highlight of the Marseille trip for me as we took an hour or so bus ride to a great hiking trail. We got to hike for several hours, see some incredible views (pictures below), and enjoy our first dip into the Mediterranean. It was truly breathtaking. After staying on route for most of the trip, we veered off course a bit to try to make our way down to the water. Tommy and I decided to go offroading, but we neglected to tell the rest of the group. We assumed we would end up in the same location as them, but were mistaken. In any case, we made it down to the water and dipped our feet in. After around 30 minuted of not seeing the our other party, we decided to go looking for them. We went back up to where we had veered off and went on looking. We happend across an American student who was studying in Marseille for the year. We had a short chat in which he told us that there were over 1000 rock climbing routes in these mountains we were trudging through. Right then, I knew I was in love with Marseille. We carried on to find our group and eventually met up with them before hiking back to the bus. 
    Our last night in Marseille consisted of heading back to _______(LOOK UP) to see the view of the city at night. After that, we relaxed at the hostel. I ended up speding most of that night talking with a couple people I met at the hostel. It was an interesting night and I made a new friend from Canada, New Zealand, and Russia. Our trains left the next morning bound for Madrid, bringing a close to our trip. It was an incredible experience, and I was sad to see it end. That being said, I couldn't wait to see Madrid. 