    After a quick train ride <strong>under</strong> the English channel (a pretty amazing feat of engineering), we were in Paris. We arrived quite late, so we weren't able to do much on our first night. After making our way to our hostel, <a href=”http://www.vintage-hostel.com/”>Vintage Hostel</a>, we decided to go grab some drinks at a bar and make a plan for the next day. We, being in Paris, got a glass of red wine and mulled over our options. After coming up with what could loosely be referred to as a plan, we headed back to the hostel. Tommy, Alden, and I decided we didn't really care to go to bed quite yet, so we decided to go back out and explore a giant hill that we saw near the bar. The hill turned out to be Square Louise Michel, and after a few too many flights of stairs, we made it to the top. We were able to see our first real view of the city from that vantage point. After taking in the surroundings and catching our first glimpse of the Eiffel Tower, we went back to the hostel to get some rest. 
    When we awoke in the morning, we ate a quick breakfast before heading to our first Parisian tourist attraction: the Eiffel Tower. The Eiffel Tower is amazing, the view from the top is amazing, etc. I won't go into detail describing something that everyone knows about, but I will say that the architecture in Paris is crazy beautiful. Every building looks like some important historical monument. I love how elegant architecture is the standard there. (Also, I ate a croissant on the top of the Eiffel Tower for full tourist points.)
    Notre Dame was even more incredible than the Eiffel Tower. The structure is simply massive by the standards of any era. The stained glass windows were gigantic and extremely beautiful, the carvings and statues were amazing, and the arches and ceiling paintings were unbelievable. Add these things all together with the fact that it was constructed in 1163 and you have one of the most incredible things I have ever seen. Notre Dame was absolutely one of my favorite things in Paris, and my words don't do it justice. Neither do the photos, honestly, but I will add them nonetheless. 
    For lunch, we decided to get some bread, cheese, and fruit and have a picnic. We chose a nice spot outside of Notre Dame which was surprisingly empty and had a nice relaxing lunch. The spot also happened to be right next to the Lock Bridge, so that was an added bonus as well.
    Our next stop was The Louvre. The Louvre is a giant, multi storied U-shape and it was packed full of breathtaking artwork every step of the way. We got to see extremely beautiful artwork from some of the most famed artists of all time. We saw statues by Michelangelo, paintings by Caravaggio, and the Mona Lisa. It was amazing to see art with such historical significance behind it. An added bonus was the fact that the Louvre's architecture is also stunning (I like architecture if you haven't noticed). It is an incredible sight to behold.
    Next up, we decided to go to the Arc de Triomphe. Along the way, we walked down one of Paris' most famous shopping streets and wandered into some interesting store. These included a Nespresso store, a PSG store, and what is most likely the nicest Abercrombie & Fitch store in the world (it had a gate that opened to a walkway through a row of trees to the 4 story high store). After getting sidetracked, we finally made it to the Arc, and what do you know, it was also incredible. It was huge and had beautiful sculpting on the outside. It is also at the center of a roundabout that seems to be about 10 lanes wide. 8 roads lead directly into the roundabout pointed right at the Arc. Looked like a nightmare to drive in, but it was really cool to watch from the relative safety of the sidewalk..
    Our last stop of this incredibly long first day in Paris ended with a trip back to the Eiffel Tower to see the lights at night. This is where I took one of my favorite photos of the entire trip. It is of the Eiffel Tower and can be seen below. Eiffel tower round two was almost as good as round one, and after getting our fill of beauty for the day, we decided to head back to the hostel to get some rest. The next day, our train for Geneva, Switzerland left at 1 PM, so we mostly just wandered around the city for the morning before catching our train to stop number three. 
